You scum
Let go of my daughter
aunt
You scum
There is not a good person in your family
Take my daughter back as a child bride
Why are you afraid that he will run away and make him a fool?
Oops, you misunderstood, right?
I don't think it was picked up.
You are human traffickers who bought my daughter back
Thank you for saving you just now.
I didn't expect you to be such a person.
You are not allowed to say brother, you are bad people
Auntie, did they say anything again?
Still don't admit
Was your daughter born before the snow?
Are you not married to Xueqing?
I will try my best to compensate Xueqing
Give him a grand wedding
What compensation do you get?
Do you want to compensate this woman for supporting you?
What is a weapon?
You think you're hugging a rich woman
You become superior
Dream this snail scum
The plot has nothing to do with you
Dad will go back and cure you.
I'll tell you what.
Men can live without money
But not without backbone
When you need Liuwei Dihuang Pills
Will a woman still love you?
Pardon me?
Wait, Mr. Lu, do you want to chase after him?
Forget it, it's rare for their family to live together
Treat him tomorrow
Miss Long, did you see it?
This scum doesn't deserve you at all
He's not a little fresh meat at all
They all have wives and children
He is an old bacon
Poor and poor
Miss Long, you are the goddess of war of Great Xia
But don't be deceived by him
So what?
Who says he doesn't deserve it?
I just love it.
I would like to be his woman